dun woke up to this horrendous scene
shortly after an Israeli Missile hit her
family's house in Gaza changing her life
forever we were sleeping then woke up my
father my sister and myself my mother
was with my brother the second Missile
hit our house and the whole place was
full of chaos we were all injured dust
and Bricks were all over the place my
mother and father lost their lives
together with my sister and my younger
brother my other brother and sister and
myself escaped death she lost her leg
too but the 12-year-old girl says she
will not give up on her
dreams I hope to be a doctor to help
people now my life is changing they have
gone we are alone now without them I was
connected to this life because I was
very much connected to my mother father
and siblings who died but I must
continue despite the fact that I will
never forget
them her story is one of many in Gaza
thousands of families vanished in the
past weeks as result of the Relentless
Israel
boming just like others she'll have to
continue her life without her
parents I never considered da my niece I
always considered her my daughter I give
da everything and whatever she wants I
do it in the presence of her mom and dad
or in their absence I am a mother and
I'm the one who will bring her
up the Israeli bombardment of Gaza has
resulted in the tragic loss of more than
5,000 young
lives but tens of thousands of other
children's lives were also completely
changed facing injuries the Heartbreak
of losing family members and Trends and
enduring the profound psychological
effects of this war Ali Hashim Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer